[Music]
hey how's it going Dave 2d here and this
is a video on what I feel like I've the
best backpacks for laptops or tech or
just anything you would put in a
backpack so as a male I feel like
backpacks are pretty important to me
because they're like one of very few
items that we get to showcase a sense of
style or whatever it is if we ever
clothing we have our shoes but those you
can switch in and out every day with the
backpack it's pretty permanent you only
have one or two at a time and they last
a long time so you want to choose one
that you actually enjoy wearing you want
to choose one that actually looks good
we don't want to do is choose a backpack
that's like a tech backpack that's super
ugly just because there's a tech
backpack you don't want to do that you
want to get something that you actually
like the look of and you actually feel
proud wearing to school or work whatever
it is so in front of me are herschel
backpacks this is not a sponsored video
they didn't send me any of these I
purchased three of them over the years
and the other ones I bought from my
friends and co-workers just so I could
make this video now understand that this
pile of bags is not an exhaustive list
of what they have they have probably 15
20 styles this is like five of them so
go to their website if you want to see
more but these are the ones that I
particularly like okay let's start with
this one the Heritage this was actually
one of the very first bags of God from
them is designed for 15-inch laptops so
any kind of normal sized 15-inch laptop
will fit in here XPS 15 MacBooks any of
the thin ones will obviously fit but if
you're like an ultra thick gaming laptop
it's going to be a little bit difficult
it's a really simple pack it doesn't
have internal pockets or anything you
have the front pouch and the laptop slot
in the back but that's it holds a lot of
stuff but it doesn't separate them into
different compartments or anything now
the one that I have here is a little bit
older you won't be able to find this
exact model but you'll be able to find a
ton of other colors on their website
if you're looking for something with a
few more features it would be this one
the pop quiz this is one of the more
popular bags and if I had to choose one
blindly from the whole herschel
collection it would probably be this one
for just the average person again this
comes in a ton of color options and it's
designed for a 15-inch laptop it has
that padded material again for the
laptop but this one has this elastic
which helps it stretch a bit more so if
you have some bigger laptops this might
fit it a little better it also has a
couple front patches and an inner pocket
thing now one of the common features of
the super ugly tech backpacks out there
is that they'll include a battery into
the backpack and I'll sell it to you
they'll sell this hundred dollar or $150
ugly backpack and they'll call it a tech
backpack just because there's a battery
in it
so what I think is better is to get your
own battery pack this one's from Ankur
and this backpack has a slot on the
inside you keep the battery in there
along with some cables I use these
octopus looking cables and whenever I
need to charge something I just connect
it up and I'm good to go
so I'll link all this stuff in the video
description if you're interested in
building your own kind of battery pack
system it's pretty simple the next pack
is similar to the pop quiz it's a little
bit less boxy it's called the settlement
it's a little cheaper but the front area
only has one zippered area it's not two
zippers and the inside laptop area has
no padding it's just a separate section
if you have a sleeve for your laptop
it's no problem but if you don't I feel
like you have to be a little more
careful about how you toss your bag
around this pack is actually the one
they use the most right now the inside
area has a slot you can put your battery
in there just like the pop quiz
but yeah simple backpack and I like the
look of it the next one's a little bit
more expensive it's called the mammoth
this one is designed for 13 inch laptops
but they make a bigger one that's
designed for 15-inch laptops and this
whole pack is just more streamlined it's
made with a more technical
water-resistant material and it also has
a rain cover there's a front pouch and
then some pouches on the side but this
one's pretty simple if you want a more
technical looking pack that looks pretty
clean this could be a good pickup
another one that I like is the Parker
and this pack is actually the one that I
like the most in terms of its looks
nothing too fancy the front pouch is
flush with the pack it holds a 15-inch
laptop but like the settlements I showed
earlier it also doesn't have much
padding in the laptop area it has two
side pouches
the front pouch is water sealed but it's
not super spacious like there's space
below the zipper but not above it I
really like the look of this pack and
that's why I purchased it but if you
have a ton of stuff to carry this may
not be a good fit okay the last one here
is a messenger bag it's called the
pop-quiz messenger and I normally like
messenger bags but I don't love this one
so this one's a little bit bulkier it's
got a padded area for a 15-inch laptop
and this is actually a bag that I bought
from someone who's had it for over a
year so it looks a little bit worn
there's a lot of space on the inside but
maybe a little too much I like my
messenger bags just more streamlined and
more clean this has a lot of room and it
holds a well-protected laptop but it's
just a little too big for me but if
you're interested in messenger bags
herschel makes some as well now it looks
into the warranty and it seems like
there's a lifetime warranty for these
bags which is kind of cool these bags
aren't cheap so the peace of mind is
nice in terms of the overall experience
with these bags I mean the reason why I
made this video is because I've enjoyed
using them over the years they last they
look good they protect your laptop so if
you're interested in them there's links
to all this stuff down below okay hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs we
liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]